DOCS-3032: Update component pages for user needs (#3592)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/components/board/_index.md

## Troubleshooting

If your board is not working as expected, follow these steps:

> 1. Check your machine logs on the **LOGS** tab to check for errors.
> 2. Review your board model's documentation to ensure you have configured all required attributes.
> 3. Click on the **TEST** panel on the **CONFIGURE** or **CONTROL** tab and test if you can use the board there.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Check your machine logs on the **LOGS** tab to check for errors.
1. Review your board model's documentation to ensure you have configured all required attributes.
1. Check that all wires are securely connected.
1. Click on the **TEST** panel on the **CONFIGURE** or **CONTROL** tab and test if you can use the board there.
```
